docs: Add udev rules documentation to `README.md` (#23)
timrogers/litra-rs: README.md

### All other platforms (via binary)

1. Download the [latest release](https://github.com/timrogers/litra-rs/releases/latest) for your platform. macOS, Linux and Windows devices are supported.
2. Add the binary to `$PATH`, so you can execute it from your shell. For the best experience, call it `litra` on macOS and Linux, and `litra.exe` on Windows.
3. Run `litra --help` to check that everything is working and see the available commands.

> ## Permission on Linux

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configuring `udev` permissions on Linux
```

On Linux, you can configure the permission for the Litra devices using [udev](https://www.man7.org/linux/man-pages/man7/udev.7.html).

> To allow allow all users that are part of the `video` group to access the Litra devices, copy the [`99-litra.rules`](99-litra.rules) file into `/etc/udev/rules.d`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To allow all users that are part of the `video` group to access the Litra devices, copy the [`99-litra.rules`](99-litra.rules) file into `/etc/udev/rules.d`.
```

> To allow allow all users that are part of the `video` group to access the Litra devices, copy the [`99-litra.rules`](99-litra.rules) file into `/etc/udev/rules.d`.

Reviewer: If I don't do this, what is the default state? Is it that only `root` can manipulate the Litra devices?

Author: Yes (unless your distro ships udev rules that set hidraw devices to mode `0666` or something like that). For me, `litra` crashed with "Permission Error" when trying to run it as non-root user.

> On Linux, you can configure the permission for the Litra devices using [udev](https://www.man7.org/linux/man-pages/man7/udev.7.html).
> To allow all users that are part of the `video` group to access the Litra devices, copy the [`99-litra.rules`](99-litra.rules) file into `/etc/udev/rules.d`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On most Linux operating systems, you will need to manually configure permissions using [`udev`](https://www.man7.org/linux/man-pages/man7/udev.7.html) to allow non-`root` users to access and manage Litra device's.

To allow all users that are part of the `video` group to access the Litra devices, copy the [`99-litra.rules`](99-litra.rules) file into `/etc/udev/rules.d`.
```

> Afterwards, reboot your computer or run the following commands as `root` user:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, reboot your computer or run the following commands as `root`:
```
